We can walk through this one more time too. Jail so we're good.
Okay. Yeah, I think, let me just close out.
I can go through this really quickly now that we're recording.
Yeah, just like go through your class book so you can have it.
Mm-hmm.
You have to stop sharing just so you know.
Oh, sorry.
That's going to be a bummer for your recording, so.
Yeah, that I hit fair screen.
All right. One more time. Here we go.
Sorry. Yeah, you're fine.
Okay. Pull this up.
Head over to opportunity. Yeah.
Some of this information gets populated.
So on this rest is over time. Got notes on that.
Then what goes over to Ryan's team are the things down here.
Yeah. Yeah. So.
And then if you click tab over to where it says substop,
like, uh, yeah.
Then you'll see like where it has like names and info,
statuses next to it.
Jail that stuff that's actually been completed.
Uh, okay.
So you can click that one like.
That's where you're like they don't use all the steps.
They map to different stuff they want.
Um, but like this lower section where it's like client is looking
for simple budgetary numbers, new softball field,
notes, plans like whatever.
And this will say kind of worry stored stuff.
What they're looking for.
And that's like then Ryan routes this to an estimator.
Like after the sales guy puts this in.
So you would take this information pretty much
to try and like populate your templates essentially.
That I think is the goal.
And then there's also like, so if you kind of accidentive here,
um, and accidentive this guy to wait.
One question quick.
Are all of these different quotes that you'd have to
populate?
Um, they're like different things they're asking for basically.
Like they mostly use a couple of these.
But yeah, uh, yeah, you rank a talk more to everything.
You see here, Joe, is to be task driven, right?
So these are just tasks to pretty much ask someone to do something.
So they might ask us to do a pre-sales console with the client.
They might ask us to obtain floor plans.
They might ask us for system engineering.
No quote, right?
I mean, 90% of the time at this point, they're asking for that one there.
9 out of 5 for, I mean, budgetary.
This is a budgetary.
Yep.
Yep.
And then if you were to go back.
So say we get through budgetary and he closes this.
Well, now the opportunity, the whole opportunity itself now is moving towards an executable.
So if you open that up, you're going to find tasks that are in support of actually
creating an executable quote that they can move forward with.
And then revision and verbal and convert.
So this is what you're looking at here.
These are all just again, this is just our way of getting people to
getting people assignments to do something.
Okay.
So what I'm trying to track down on this step.
So trying to like do the workflow here.
Would any of their comments or anything in here be added or like where would it get past
to your team where we're trying to like have it build this quote?
That's exactly where it is in that blank.
Just open free form comments field.
And that's all you have to work with.
I do sometimes the other thing is like they're a little attached documents in here.
Is the ones if you exit out of this.
You and like go back to the op itself.
You'll see it has a document tab and where it's doc user yet.
And so sometimes this will have like this is where they'll upload floor plans or pictures
or different stuff that they have.
Yeah, okay.
If that makes sense.
Yeah, so you would look through here too to try and like piece together what's going on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Perfect world.
As you saw though, if you like went back to that request of just a written one sentence.
That's what I'm really trying to like push to have more details in because every time
something comes in, I get that one sentence request.
Then I have to start going into all the docs just to figure out really what the hell we're doing.
Okay.
And the docs would be in here, right?
Yep.
Okay.
So combination of that, the documents,
the budgetary, which is right subsets.
Yeah.
Yep.
And here.
And then this is all you got.
Yep.
And then you've got to take this reference the docs to figure out what the price would look like.
Yep.
And then like you can see that line above Ryan wrote like he'd assign this to Cavan one of the
estimators and it's like, hey, and he'll expand and maybe write a sentence or two.
And then that guy gets a task and he's like work list that is like,
yep, I'm supposed to go do this quote.
And he works on it.
Okay, awesome.
This is a great start and then kind of a perfect segue into kind of what I want to you.
I don't know if you guys have more than this, but this is like something tangible.
And I don't know if there's like more things you want to walk me through.
Like are these documents relevant?
No, there's usually nothing there.
That was kind of like the overview is like we pulled out a couple of good
ops that then like turn into full quotes.
So you kind of have like a scope there of the flow that it works through.
Because like if you go back to the quote itself, you can kind of see like the end product of this.
I'm getting out of this funnel where there's a bunch of tabs.
Um, and then we can go find that we're in the opportunity now, which is fun.
Yeah, just on the quotes tab, you want to quote like one tab over there.
And then you can click the little quote number it'll take you.
And then you can kind of you can look at like the on the quote itself.
Obviously, there's a lot more information.
The line items tab has all the lines for that quote.
And then the SOW tab like is your statement of work,
which is like also across the top.
And you can expand out these like things if you want to.
But yeah, and now that all of this is generated pretty much in post,
that's like get that one line.
Yeah, that's what the Ryan team does with that one line.
It's trying to do this.
Oh, man, that sucks.
Oh, I'm so like it's kind of relieving Joe Tonsi.
Get someone like a glimpse into this problem.
Because like, man, I keep trying to echo it.
You know, again, when we were talking initially, right?
Like it just goes back to the we spend so much time trying to figure out what we're
getting asked to do than we are spaying time doing it.
Right.
This seems like it a massive amount of pain this could take all day.
And then tracking them down.
Yep.
Okay.
I think that's kind of why Ryan picked here to start as like a pain point because it's so
there's so much back and forth.
And like we tried to do like pull together a couple of examples, but it was like too chaotic
of data to be able to be like because it's sometimes like it's team's messages and phone calls
and texts and like going down and finding someone in the office and like to track all of the
info that you need here.
So that's sort of why we were like, okay.
I think this is the best data set we can really give you.
Yeah.
Okay.
This is perfect.
And a pretty good segue into what I think I would need to do and like would need help with.
Yep.
So let's say I'm that person Ryan that you assigned it to.
So I go back to the opportunity.
I go into budgetary.
And I go to where there's some steps and go to this.
So now I have this information and you tell me, all right, Joe, you're a new hire here.
Here's your information.
Here are some of the documents that they have attached.
Yep.
Now go out and populate that template that you know I've provided.
Like go figure out how much of each one of these things that they would need.
What I would need is kind of like a S.O.P.
or just like a pretty high level walkthrough as if you're like kind of talking to somebody
who wouldn't know how to do this.
So like because I got to figure out how I take this and that information
and get it to happen automatically.
Yep.
I'll get you a novel.
Okay.
It's yeah, I'm getting I'll make it shorter, but I think yeah, I definitely will summarize it
and kind of maybe in that S.O.P.
Just call out for you kind of areas information because that's part of it too, right?
There's information key 360.
There's information in our internal documents, which are living key 360.
So I can point you to all that stuff.
Okay.
Yeah, perfect.
I mean, I don't want to take up too much of your time.
If we want to start small and go to do like certain sections of it, I wish I
I think I might.
So I've got so many tabs open because I was working on something else and
you can get a look at the kind of like what this stuff kind of looks like in the back end, but
I had it somewhere, but the document itself
Yeah, like I think that's kind of a starting point.
Joe, honestly, for this is like
prompting back through of like these open text fields and these guys dumping emails and like
PDFs into
but that we could build out and then it would prompt them to be like, here's more questions.
Like that would be a lift that I think would start and help the team, right, Ryan?
Yeah, I mean, this one for perfect example here, as you can see, like nothing even calls out.
Now I dare and know as I know this client, but there's nothing even saying that we are to do the
cabling and that's a very basic level thing, but it's those are the types of things that I'm
trying to at least flush out where it's kind of taken for granted, but as we scale,
not everyone's going to know each client intimately, right, to know those things.
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense and I would like to make it even like
so we make it easier for both people to because I feel like the sales guys are never really going to
listen totally. So if they just want to like upload, it's like a conversation that they had,
a voice note or something, they're in the car back and they can just chat to it.
We plug in that information as well and they, I don't know if they could upload a voice memo or
how they want to do that, but it's just an idea to this information. We could continue to pull it
and then what I'm thinking is we'll do our best to figure out how to map it to be like they said
this. Well, now I don't think we'd ever be able to figure out that it's a cabling solution,
unless we were able to get the AI to like look through. It's like, all right, this is for
you know, this school district to like do we have anything else open, but I want to get there
later. I think to kind of just crawl, you know, I feel like we're almost getting to walking.
No, I'm with you. Like I don't need a nitty-gritty. It's more of like yet cable included, yes or no.
And like I think some of that like, because really like one of the pain points we've tried to
solve time and time again and like part of why Ryan originally made those forms was like
if we like have all this data that like saves us a bunch of steps, so honestly something
the guys can interact, like the sales guys can interact with and like because they also get
fatigued by being like, come on man, I'm like, I don't know, Sean just knows how to do this job.
Like they like kind of do this thing that we'll get occasionally, or if it's easier for them and
they can just be like, here's all the emails I have from the client asking for this, here's my three
sentences, and then they're like prompted with a couple questions, that would be great. Yeah, yeah,
we can do all of that. And I think as we kind of get through a few of these, you know, first hurdles and
kind of seem what things look like, we can really try and expand out how this thing is going to
exist and live. And then just like talking about integrating it into the system, like kind of
future steps, Joe, like the version we're in right now does not have a ton of like open source
API, but the next version does. So we're able to create pretty easy like API or webhook items
that tie to the system directly. So that'll be something that like I think will also give us some
good. Yeah, that'll be sweet, but definitely down the road a little bit. I'm just going to be like
taking these examples and, you know, creating like folders and documents and stuff to do it. I
noticed this never loaded, but I'm sure it's a little thing. Oh, the docs might be the docs
in this setup. Oh, no, depressed. I'll send you the docs for these quotes. Okay, what happened?
There, I think I have a SharePoint integration that works here. This is the one of the fake environments.
So the all the cloud storage permissions are turned off in it. So people don't accidentally put garbage
in the SharePoint. Basically, I just like, so the system runs faster, you know, that's the
intention is nothing's like actually stored, not as much stuff is stored in this equal server that
way. But in the sandbox environment, it's off. And I forgot that that means you can't get stuff either.
Yeah, I mean, that's fine. The other thing you mentioned, Ryan, was that there are some like
standard based documents that they use. Do those exist in here or yeah, they'll probably also be
broken though. Well, they sure do. There's, they will be broken, but at least I can point you to
some areas of info, Joe is where you're going. You were on the right time, Joe. Oh, that's not
where I was going, Kate. Oh, okay. What are you doing, buddy? So could you, if you go back to the
opportunity, when do you have open there? Not this one. Yep, you can use that. That's right. Oh,
good. Yeah, which this one or this one? The main one opportunity 685 behind there.
So on this two, if you click on company, this one, okay, up one. Yep, click on that.
I'm just going to use that to point. That's right. My system settings.
Oh, if it's a hassle, Joe, you can deny me. Should we get now? So if you go to products,
early products, there's products. So this is going to be a list of products we've put it
that we've sold and installed for these for this client. So this is a place too that we use as a
quick push base to understand, okay, what kind of camera manufacturer they are using typically,
what type of models. Okay, so this is stuff that the art already have gotten through you. Yep,
and you can see the install date and all that stuff too. Okay, and then how would this information
kind of come up? I could use it as like, hey, they're mentioning ports so far. They've used these
or something like that. Yeah, I would say the biggest thing on this one, Joe, is probably going
to be cameras. Everything else is kind of run rate stuff that you'll just, you'll find on
every project. Okay. The thing that always gets us is we always like to make sure we keep
consistent with camera manufacturers. Okay, and I just realized I don't think
manufacturer is a column option in this window. Yeah, I was just seeing that. I mean, I could
eventually build out like something that takes this like, I don't know, no, no, that wouldn't help.
We got our part numbers, but I mean,
massive numbers, what part numbers are called. Okay, so I could potentially use that to
tighten, but yeah, I could also just look, do they usually say like something about a camera?
Yeah, there's none here. Here we got cameras. So again, I just know the part numbers, but you have
body-worn cameras down below there. You got five megapixel camera down there. Okay, so they say
stuff that's, yeah, but I could tell that it's a camera. Yeah, okay, cool. So where's the other
one? That's a camera. It's actually an intercom. Okay, but intercoms too are those, yeah, those
in cameras. We usually, for intercoms, they usually follow suit by the camera. So, okay, and this is,
okay, I'll have to think through this one a little bit because it's going to be hard to
map all of that, but I'll be able to get some of that information. Apologies, I was on mute
talking to you. That is a field you can add to the grid view. I can just customize that grid.
Oh, is it? Yeah, fun. I get that too. Yeah, I'll just like, I'll customize the whole grid,
Goober. That would be amazing. Yeah, I didn't know you wanted it.
All right, well, that itself is a successful meeting.
I've got it to do for it all. Play around with the grid settings.
But yeah, I think that's enough to start, Joe. I know it was like a million things, but
yes, thank God for the recording. But yeah, it really, I think that is enough to start.
If there's any other based document, like a living,
word document, just like potential things, otherwise we might just kind of need. And like,
what me jump back to, okay, what you put together. Yeah.
This is really helpful. And kind of just like, how we can just determine, like quickly,
it's like, all right, this is tied to this and this makes sense.
Example phrases were also helpful. I don't think we need stuff like this
because of just kind of the way that we're going to be approaching it. It's not going to be too much.
So appreciate it. But like, don't want to make you do any additional work.
I think like the next step of kind of like what we need. And maybe if there's like more to this,
that we're kind of missing, but this is still pretty good to at least get us started.
Where is it? I don't know if you'll do the tips. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's all good.
It's kind of just like the instructions of like what I was talking about before. I have all
this information. How do I go do it? Like what I'm going to go here, pull this information.
I know that. Like now I need to go look at this PDF. Like what am I looking for in that PDF?
And what does it kind of align to? Like, think of it as you're writing like a description for
a new employee and trying to walk them through how you do it.
That makes sense. Like you just want more unlike an extended version of it, right?
Like on first specific PDF fields. Yeah, I mean, it would be helpful to like, yeah,
like to be able to route. But if you say like, you know, this is, you know, if you say in the right
up, like it's for a general system in cameras, like that's all I would need to know. But like,
how to take that little bit of information to get enough to even start to do some of this?
I know that's like, it sounds like kind of a difficult ask, but it's truly what is going to be
the most important thing here is like, and like we can start with just like a subset too and do it
piece by piece. You know, if you we want to start with just one of these things like,
yeah, I think that would be definitely helpful because that's how we always approach it from
R&2 Joe is like, okay, what's the general? What's the general system information? And then we
start focusing just on cameras and video surveillance, and then we'll jump to access control,
and then jump to intrusion. Okay, so should we start with cameras and integration then?
I'll even go with just cameras. Okay, because I think integrations, yeah, we'll get a little bit,
we'll get pretty lost quickly. So I think let's start with cameras because I think that's
going to give us probably our best foundation. All right, perfect. Like where we're headed then,
like got some actionable stuff. And then I think we have a meeting in a few weeks, I don't know,
I can't remember, but I will start getting started on this and kind of like thinking through and
creating like an initial build. Well, not sure how much I can promise and when it's all going to
be kind of dependent on some information, but yeah, this will be like a good start. And then
I might as I go, just kind of like generate a list of like questions to be like, okay, I see this,
I see this, like how would I link this to that as I'm building this out? Basically trying to give
me as much up to speed as I can, because like if I don't have an idea of how to do this on my own,
oh, to some extent, it's going to be difficult to have AI just inherently understand it. It will
know more than I do in a lot of things, but a general workflow is going to be helpful. So,
perfect. Let me tell you a short, it's all yourself short, Joe. You can come, come join
estimation, man, by the end of this. Yeah, I mean, it's really tough. No, I mean, it's hard.
Nobody can beat me in terms of knowledge. I know. I know.
Well, cool. Well, where are you guys traveling to?
I'm off to Atlanta for conference. And I mean, our, we just bought a company in Michigan back in
September. So I'm out there. All right. Fine. Well, it looks like you guys are going all over.
Very cool. Yeah. Well, have fun. Thanks. Get out of the snow. I'm sure
if we talk to your folks, we got crushed again. Oh, really? Yeah.
Yeah. Did you? My dad's like new house. They forgot to put in some of the insulation.
And he pipes burst. And he calls it, he's like living in tent city because everything's just
covered in plastic. I did hear that when he stopped in there a day. Yeah. They had built it for
a year, lived there for like six months and then boom. Oh, that's, that's terrible. Yeah.
Anyways, we're over time. Don't want to take too much of your time. But I really appreciate
this. Thanks for the help. And I'm excited to kind of get plugging away on some actual AI work.
Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. We really appreciate the time, Joe. We're excited to work with you on it.
Cool. Thanks, guys. Bye. See you.
